README.md, before:

# PIG DICE GAME

#### Author: Mugo Ndung'u.

## Description.

This game application that allows two players to play a dice game by rolling around a dice whose values are randomly generated through a JavaScript function.The player who gets a total score of 50 first wins the game.

## Prerequisites

Basic Git knowledge, including an installed version of Git.

## Setup/Installation Requirements.

You only require an up to date browser preferably Chrome

-   On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
-   Clone this repository to a location in your file system.
-   Open terminal command line then Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
-   Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 2.
-   Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.
#### or
$ git clone https://github.com/Mugo-Ndungu/Pig-Dice.git

## Known Bugs.

If you find a bug (the website couldn't handle the query and / or gave undesired results), kindly open an issue [here](twinnymugo@gmail.com) by including your search query and the expected result.

If you'd like to request a new function, feel free to do so by opening an issue here. Please include sample queries and their corresponding results.

## Technologies Used.

During the production of the app we used the following Languages

-   JavaScript
-   HTML
-   CSS
-   jquery
-   bootstrap

## Behaviour Driven Development (BDD).

| INPUT                | OUTPUT                           |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Click roll button | Dice rolls and numbers are generated dice rolls are added together to the round total    |
| Player 1 total score = 50  | Winner           |

## Support and Contact Details.

for any collaboration you can reach me on [email](twinnymugo@gmail.com) or Phone: 0789910017. Thank you!!.

### License.

[MIT](License.txt) copyright 2018 @Mugo_Ndungu

Commit message:

Add Live link to project website

README.md, after:

# PIG DICE GAME

#### Author: Mugo Ndung'u.

## Description.

This game application that allows two players to play a dice game by rolling around a dice whose values are randomly generated through a JavaScript function.The player who gets a total score of 50 first wins the game.

## Prerequisites

Basic Git knowledge, including an installed version of Git.

## Setup/Installation Requirements.

You only require an up to date browser preferably Chrome

-   On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
-   Clone this repository to a location in your file system.
-   Open terminal command line then Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
-   Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 2.
-   Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.
#### or
$ git clone https://github.com/Mugo-Ndungu/Pig-Dice.git

## Known Bugs.

If you find a bug (the website couldn't handle the query and / or gave undesired results), kindly open an issue [here](twinnymugo@gmail.com) by including your search query and the expected result.

If you'd like to request a new function, feel free to do so by opening an issue here. Please include sample queries and their corresponding results.

## Technologies Used.

During the production of the app we used the following Languages

-   JavaScript
-   HTML
-   CSS
-   jquery
-   bootstrap

## Behaviour Driven Development (BDD).

| INPUT                | OUTPUT                           |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Click roll button | Dice rolls and numbers are generated dice rolls are added together to the round total    |
| Player 1 total score = 50  | Winner           |

## Live link
Use this [link](https://mugo-ndungu.github.io/Pig-Dice/) to see the web-page


## Support and Contact Details.

for any collaboration you can reach me on [email](twinnymugo@gmail.com) or Phone: 0789910017. Thank you!!.

### License.

[MIT](License.txt) copyright 2018 @Mugo_Ndungu
